mistake
don't worry you gotta see it
like father like son I veto
you know it's gonna happen to you when
people find out about this
you're gonna die if you know just like
you fought like father like son I veto
you know what's gonna happen to you when
people find out about this you miss your
old man feet oh don't worry you're gonna
see good snowboard shop
I'm gonna feed you tracks you know
you're making the biggest mistake of
your life Vito don't worry you don't see
him soon
like father like son
I veto
what do you think the veto did get -
just fucking do something like this you
walk away fuck I'm gonna die if you know
just like your father
IDO you're making the biggest mistake of
your life like father like son I veto
you know what's gonna happen to you what
people find out about this
your old man
you know it's gonna have to be your
people find out about this
this your old man Vito don't worry I'm
gonna I'd spent my whole life trying not
to make the same mistakes my old man
then I find out I'm following in his
footsteps
it was good to finally know the truth
this your old man feet oh don't worry
you're gonna see I'd spent my whole life
trying not to make the same mistakes my
old man then I find out I'm following in
his footsteps
it was good to finally know that